I got you!
What?
What's in the blood that he vomited?
Toxin?
What is this? You're strong.
It's not fun at all.
Straw Doll Technique…
Resonance!
Just how many are there?
We should treat it
like a game of whack-a-mole.
Yes, just continue to exorcise it.
Don't leave any behind.
The opponent probably won't retaliate.
There are restrictions, but the wider
the range of the cursed technique,
the weaker the user's attack ability?
It's just hypothetical.
I was worried about the range
of the cursed technique,
the number of victims, and the barrier.
All of these will affect the user
in a subtractive way.
We're lucky.
We should be able to exorcise it quickly.
In that case, what comes after
might be the real threat.
Kugisaki!
I'm fine.
You continue on with the whack-a-mole.
Darn it!
Why is she always being taken away?
What was that anyway?
Was it a mole, or that thing?
It's neither of them!
Kugisaki?
-What? Is it my older brother?
-What?
-Hey!
-Let me join in!
What?
It ran away?
-Should I leave it?
-Hurry up! Chase after it!
Kugisaki and that guy left the barrier.
She might run into someone
more troublesome than expected.
On the contrary,
it's a lot easier over here.
I can handle it by myself.
Prioritize Kugisaki. Hurry!
If the situation worsens,
you have to come out too.
Darn it! Don't touch me!
I see. It's a girl.
Oh, my.
I apologize.
-Gross!
-Both of our errand…
doesn't include killing sorcerers.
If you retreat, I will spare your life…
Young lady.
Errand?
What?
I thought we're both here
for the same reason.
Is he a Cursed Spirit, or a Curse User?
Speaking of which, what is this scent?
The last one!
The way to go around
behind them is too simple.
I told you,
it's too simple.
Did I exorcise all of them?
I don't have to worry
about Tsumiki for now.
What's left is…
It's still alive?
That wasn't the main body?
The barrier is still active.
What's going on?
Never assume that a Cursed Spirit
has a logical modus operandi.
Even so, there's something
that I don't understand.
Why didn't it start to kill
the marked humans until recently?
The first cursed death victim
was killed in June.
June?
Our goal is to…
recover Sukuna's finger.
Things that have an immense presence…
Things that are hiding…
Things that have been
absorbed by Cursed Spirits…
They are all resonating.
After being swallowed
by the Cursed Spirit,
the power of Sukuna's finger,
which was suppressed…
Its cursed energy was released
after obtaining Itadori's vessel in June.
Although they look the same,
compared to the one
at the detention center…
It's much stronger!
Nue.
All right, I won again this time.
This is rare.
I'm surprised you want me
to train with you.
Are you feeling anxious
because of Yuji's growth?
Well, you can't solve anything
without making sacrifices.
You despise my help so much?
Megumi, I believe your strength
and potential are not weaker than Yuji.
It's just that your mental aspect
is holding you back.
Megumi, you don't know
how to bring out your best, right?
What?
Are you saying that I'm not doing my best?
No, I mean you don't know
how to try your best.
For example during the baseball game,
why did you make a sacrifice bunt?
You wanted Nobara to enter the base,
even though you'll get tagged out?
How admirable.
But if it's me or Yuji,
we will aim for a home run at any time.
I'm not saying that a bunt is not good.
As baseball is a team sport,
everyone has their own task.
But being a Jujutsu Sorcerer
is an individual job.
It's important to work
with other Jujutsu Sorcerers, too.
You're right.
But no matter how many allies you have,
you always die alone.
You're only trying to judge
and match those around you
instead of picturing
a stronger future version of yourself.
Is it because you have
an ace up your sleeve?
You think that at worst,
everything will be solved after you die.
Forget about me,
you won't even reach Nanami's level.
To die and then win,
and to die victoriously…
They are two completely
different things, Megumi.
Give it your all, and be more greedy.
How long have I been unconscious?
Was Divine Dog destroyed?
No, was my cursed technique dispelled?
I guess this is the end for me.
Furube, yurayura…
It's a waste of your talent.
Forget it.
A Jujutsu Sorcerer's growth
never comes easy.
Back then…
Why did you escape?
Bring out the full potential
of the shadow.
Don't think about the specifics for now.
Release it while coagulating
your cursed energy.
Imagine a future version of myself
that has surpassed my limits!
I'll show it to you!
With a firm base,
good sense, and imagination,
humans can change
with the slightest of events.
Domain Expansion.
Chimera Shadow Garden.
Although it's incomplete and ugly,
it's enough for now!
Be free…
to expand!
Expand the interpretation of…
the cursed technique!
Divine Dog's claws
were capable of harming that guy.
Of course,
it can penetrate you if you relax.
I'm so tired.
Where are the two of them?
Great.
This is great.
Do you know the basis
for human interaction?
I don't.
"I won't kill you,
so please don't kill me either."
You can replace the word "kill"
with something else.
In short, never cross any line
that violates someone else's dignity.
Through this process,
mutual existence is realized.
Breaking that rule, or acting arrogant
thinking that you have no need for it…
You must feel great.
If you do that to me again,
I'm going to kill you.
What have we done to you?
Use your brain.
Or else, you can go and die.
Hey!
I must make it clear
to Ikezawa and the gang today.
I'm not their errand boy.
All the best, Aida.
But I may be the next target.
Please don't do your best, Aida.
Hey, you fatty!
I will change my line.
I'll ask them to make you
run errands from today!
Are you going to betray your friend?
Shut up!
Megumi.
Wait. Isn't that Ikezawa
and the rest lying over there?
Didn't you promise not to fight again?
Stop acting like my guardian.
I hate bad guys.
They use poor imagination and sensibility
to live a good life for themselves.
I'm not good at dealing with kind people.
They forgive those bad guys…
to make themselves seem virtuous.
It makes me sick.
Tsumiki is the typical kind person.
It's gross.
Sorry, I didn't expect it to spill.
When I was in first grade,
my father and Tsumiki's mother,
our only family members,
fell in love with each other.
And then they went missing.
A white-haired stranger said this.
Your father came from the Zenin family,
a well-known sorcerer clan.
But he's a bad guy,
even I don't want to go near him.
You're born after he ran away from home.
Megumi.
You're your father's
biggest bargaining chip
to go against the Zenin family.
Are you mad?
I solved the mystery
behind the missing money.
It seems that I was sold
to that Zenin family.
-Yes, I'm mad.
-What?
-Especially at your insensible attitude.
He was the one who helped
to solve the issue with the Zenin family.
I was to work as a Jujutsu Sorcerer
in the future as a guarantee,
in exchange for monetary support
from the school.
What's the deal with Jujutsu Sorcerers?
How stupid.
Who do you want me to help?
Tsumiki, what are you doing?
Hello, Megumi!
Nothing.
Wait. Have you made up your mind
about the bravery test?
I don't want to go but I'm worried,
so I'll come along.
Tsumiki was cursed right after
I reached third year in middle school.
The origin and identity
of the curse were unknown.
There were others who got cursed
similarly across the nation.
The only thing we know
is that we know nothing.
Tsumiki has been unconscious
since that day.
If I have the ability to curse someone,
I would rather think about those
who are dear to me.
She always smiles and patronizes others.
Being unable to forgive people
is not a bad thing.
That's part of your gentleness.
Right, Megumi?
She even acknowledged my nature.
Even if Tsumiki is such a person,
she still gets angry when I hurt someone.
I used to think that she's annoying.
I thought she's just a hypocrite.
But now, I realize that I was wrong.
Just like how I choose who to help,
she was choosing to worry about me.
I'm sorry, I was too naive.
I will apologize.
Wake up, my stupid sister.
Darn it. My head hurts so much.
The Yasohachi Bridge curse
is just on top of the bridge.
It didn't lift the curse
that made her unconscious, right?
What's left is to let Itadori know
about this finger…
FUSHIGURO FELL ASLEEP
A strong presence appeared suddenly.
Did Sukuna's finger leave the barrier?
If the one who eliminates
the vessel is a Jujutsu Sorcerer,
then they are quite good.
Even if they defeated the finger
or the Special Grade Cursed Spirit,
they couldn't have won unscathed.
Are they all right?
I slipped up. Please forget what I said.
Stop right there!
Is he going to get the finger?
How dare you escape
with such a scornful method?
Do you think you can
get rid of me like this?
I feel inferior about my back,
so I'm warning you.
If you look at my back,
-I'm going to kill--
-What?
Kugisaki.
Oh, it's my older brother.
You…
You saw it, didn't you?
-Who is this? I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry, brother! I didn't mean to!
I'm going to kill you!
Then why do you dress like this?
So that's where
the strange smell came from.
Otherwise, it will feel stuffy.
Rot Technique, Maximum…
Wing King!
I'm going to kill you.
-Juju Stroll.
Mr. Gojo! Kugisaki!
Shut up.
It's so hot right now, I can't move.
A girl approached Fushiguro!
Formation B!
-Yes, sir!
-Fushiguro!
Who is that girl?
Did you forget the night
we drank together?
You said you're happiest
when you're with me.
-Is it a lie?
-You didn't forget, did you?
-Remember!
-Seriously, what's wrong with you guys?
Please don't touch him casually,
you sly cats!
Megumi is going to practice violin
with me later.
Let's go back, Megumi.
Today, you must master
"Twinkle Twinkle Little Star."
It's okay. Don't mind them.
Please go ahead.
The station is just right ahead.
Thank you.
-What?
So what were you guys up to?
Can you not humiliate me?
Explain it to me!
It hurts!